# class - DragDropManagerenable drag and drop operations on an element Though you can drag from the source to a different target, we only need to define the source.   The target will be defined in the allow drop operation.   This can be either a css query or a callback.   @field - The element that the event is attached too   @field - The element that drag and drop has been enabled on   This is more often than not the container or source of the drag operation   @type {HTMLElement}   @field - The target of the drag operation   On the mouse move this is the element that the mouse is over   @type {HTMLElement}   @field - The last target of the drag operation   On the mouse move this is the element that the mouse was over   This is used for optimization so that actions only fire once the target changes   @field - The placeholder element   This is the element that shows where the element you are dragging was origionally   @field - The element that is being dragged   @field - The marker element that moves around the page as you drag to indicate where the drop will happen.   @field - The options for the drag and drop operation   This was passed to us from the enable_dragdrop call   @field - The mouse down handler   @field - The mouse move handler   @field - The mouse up handler   @field - The start point of the drag operation   This is the point that the mouse was at when the drag operation started   @field - The move point of the drag operation   This is the point that the mouse is currently at   @field - The busy field is used to prevent timing issues.   @field - The update drag handler is used to update the drag operation   This is a timer so, we want to call updateDrag on each tick.   This is used to update the position of the drag element.   @field - The update marker handler is used to update the marker operation   This is a timer so, we want to call updateMarker on each tick.   The lastTarget and target is used to determine changes and thus updates.   @field - The bounds cache is used to cache the bounds of the elements that are being dragged over.   Since we don't want to calculate bounds on every mouse move, we cache them.   This however means that once you drop the element, you will need to recalculate the bounds.   This cache keeps track of what we have changes so that we can clear it.   This happens on the mouse up event.   @type {[]}   @field - The composed path is used to get the path of the event.   There are a number of functions that want to check the composed path.   Instead of passing the event on hand doing the work several times, we just do it once and cache it.   Since functions are called with the manager as "this" they have access to the composed path.   @constructor  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||element|HTMLElement|The container element that drag and drop has been enabled on|true|-||options|Object|The options for the drag and drop operation|true|-|## method - The mouse down handler starts the drag process and initializes resources required to help with the drag and drop operation This would include the dragging of the element, the marker, and the placeholder.  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||event|-|-|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<void>}## method - The mouse move handler is used to update the drag and marker operations. Most of the logic is handled by the updateDrag and updateMarker timer functions.   This method is used to update the values required for the drag and drop operations.  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||event|-|-|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<void>}## method - The mouse up handler is used to end the drag and drop operation. This stops the drag and drop operations and cleans up the resources used.  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||event|-|-|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<void>}## method - This method is used to validate the drop target during the move operation. This is used to determine if the drop target is valid and if the drop operation can be performed.   If the drop target is not valid you don't want to update the position of the marker.   Most of the logic is deferred to the allowDrop function passed on using the options.  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||element|HTMLElement|The element that is being hovered over|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<>}