# class - ComponentActionsHelper functions for working with custom components  ## Features  -perform - The entry point for the class.  This is called by the process engine.    -observe - Used in components, observe properties and when all the properties have values, perform the callback.    -unobserve - Used in components, unobserve properties.    -notify_ready - Used in components, notify the process engine that the component is ready.    -on_ready - Used in components, when the component is ready, perform the callback.    ## Note -meant for javascript use only.     -"Observe properties on a component and when all the properties have values, perform the callback."     -The first method, `perform`, is a static method that is called by the process engine.  It is the entry point for the    class.  The process engine will pass in the step, context, process, and item.  The step is the step that is being    executed.  The context is the context of the process.  The process is the process that is being executed.  The item is    the item that is being processed  ## method - observeUsed in components, observe properties and when all the properties have values, perform the callback.**Returns**: {Promise<|number>}  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|Object|The step object from the process.|true|-||context|Object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|Object|The process object that is being run.|true|-||item|Object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.element|String|The element that is being observed.|true|-||step.args.properties|[String]|The properties that are being observed.|true|-||step.args.callback|String|The callback that is being executed when all the properties have values.|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<>} - The id of the observation.  ***Example: javascript***```js const result = await crs.call("component", "observe", {       element: "my-element",       properties: ["value1", "value2"],       callback: "myCallback"       };   }    ```***Example: json***```json    {       "type": "component",       "action": "observe",       "args": {          "element": "my-element",          "properties": ["value1", "value2"],          "callback": "myCallback"      }  ```## method - unobserveDisable previously created observation of properties on a component It removes a callback from the element's data object  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|Object|The step object from the process definition.|true|-||context|Object|The context of the current process.|true|-||process|Object|The process that is running.|true|-||item|Object|The current item being processed.|true|-||step.args.element|String|The element that is being observed.|true|-||step.args.ids|String|The ids of the observations to remove.|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<void>}  ***Example: javascript***```js await crs.call("component", "unobserve", {      element: "my-element",      ids: [1, 2]      };    ```***Example: json***```json {       "type": "component",       "action": "unobserve",       "args": {       "element": "my-element",       "ids": [1, 2]       }   }  ```## method - notify_readyIt sets the `ready` attribute on the element specified in the `element` argument, and then dispatches a `ready` event on the element     Notify that the component is ready for interacting with    ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|Object|The step object from the process.|true|-||context|Object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|Object|The process object that is running the script.|true|-||item|Object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.element|String|The element that is being observed.|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<void>}  ***Example: javascript***```js await crs.call("component", "notify_ready", {      element: "my-element"      };    ```***Example: json***```json    {         "type": "component",         "action": "notify_ready",         "args": {          "element": "my-element"         }      }  ```## method - on_readyGet notified when the component is ready It waits for an element to be ready, then calls a callback function  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|Object|The step object.|true|-||context|Object|The context of the process.|true|-||process|Object|The process that is currently running.|true|-||item|Object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.element|String|The element that is being observed.|true|-||step.args.callback|String|The callback function to execute when the element is ready.|true|-||step.args.caller|String|The caller of the callback function.|true|-|**Returns**: The return value of the callback function.  ***Example: javascript***```js await crs.call("component", "on_ready", {     element: "my-element",     callback: function,     caller: this     };    ```***Example: json***```json {       "type": "component",       "action": "on_ready",       "args": {        "element": "my-element",        "callback": "$context.callback"        "caller": "$context"       }   }  ```## function - getNextIdIt returns a unique ID for each element***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||element||The element that the process observer is attached to.|true|-|**Returns**: The next id in the sequence.## function - createPropertiesEvaluationCreate a function that will evaluate the properties of the data object and call the callback function if all the properties are not null  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||context|Object|The context of the function.|true|-||properties|[]|The list of properties that are being observed.|true|-||id|String|Number|The id of the observer.|true|-|**Returns**: A function that will be called when the properties are available.