# class - FixedLayoutActionsIt positions an element based on a target element or point## Features -set - position an element based on a target element.   -left - position an element based on a target element.   -right - position an element based on a target element.   -top - position an element based on a target element.   -bottom - position an element based on a target element.   -ensureInFrustum - ensure the element is in the frustum of the camera.  ## method - setposition a element based on a target element. You can place the element at the top, right, bottom or left of the target.   You can also anchor the element based on it's position.   For example if you place a element left of target you can anchor it to the top of bottom of the target   if you place it at the top you can anchor it on the left or right.    ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|Object|step to perform|true|-||context|Object|context of the action|true|-||process|Object|process that is performing the action|true|-||item|Object|item that is performing the action|true|-||step.args.element|string|element to position|true|-||step.args.target|string|target element to position the element to|true|-||step.args.point|Object|point to position the element to|true|-||step.args.at|string|position to set the element to, values: ["top", "right", "bottom", "left"]|false|"bottom"||step.args.anchor|string|anchor the element to the target, values: ["top", "right", "bottom", "left", "middle"]|false|-||step.args.margin|number|margin to apply to the element|false|0|***Example: javascript***```js const result = await crs.call("fixed_layout", "set", {     element: "my-element",     target: "my-target",     at: "left",     anchor: "top",     margin: 10    });    ```***Example: json***```json {    "action": "fixed_layout",    "action_type": "set",    "args": {      "element": "my-element",      "target": "my-target",      "at": "left",      "anchor": "top",      "margin": 10     }   }    ```**Returns**: {Promise<void>}## JHR 1. todo. add point location   2. anchor middle  ## method - left"If the element is to the left of the target, return the element's left edge minus the element's width minus the margin."    ## The function is called with the following arguments    elementBounds: The bounding rectangle of the element.    targetBounds: The bounding rectangle of the target.    margin: The margin between the element and the target.    anchor: The vertical anchor of the element  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||elementBounds|DOMRect|The bounds of the element you want to position.|true|-||targetBounds|DOMRect|The bounding rectangle of the target element.|true|-||margin|Number|The distance between the element and the target.|true|-||anchor|String|The anchor point of the element.|true|-|**Returns**: The x and y coordinates of the element.## method - right"If the element is to the right of the target, return the x and y coordinates of the element."  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||elementBounds|DOMRect|The bounds of the element to be positioned|true|-||targetBounds|DOMRect|The bounds of the target element.|true|-||margin|Number|The distance between the element and the target.|true|-||anchor|Number|The anchor point of the element to be positioned.|true|-|**Returns**: The x and y coordinates of the element.## method - top"If the element is anchored to the top of the target, return the horizontal anchor and the top of the target minus the height of the element minus the margin."    ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||elementBounds|DOMRect|The bounds of the element you want to position.|true|-||targetBounds|DOMRect|The bounds of the target element.|true|-||margin|Number|The margin between the element and the target.|true|-||anchor|String|The anchor point of the element.|true|-|**Returns**: The x and y coordinates of the element.## method - bottom"If the element is anchored to the bottom of the target, return the x and y coordinates of the element's top left corner."     The function uses the horizontalAnchor function to calculate the x coordinate of the element's top left corner  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||elementBounds|DOMRect|The bounds of the element you want to position.|true|-||targetBounds|DOMRect|The bounds of the target element.|true|-||margin|Number|The margin between the element and the target.|true|-||anchor|Number|The anchor point of the element.|true|-|## The function returns an object with two properties   x: The x coordinate of the element's top left corner.   y: The y coordinate of the element's top left corner.  **Returns**: The x and y coordinates of the element.## method - ensureInFrustumIf the position of the popup is outside the viewport, move it back inside***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||position|Object|The position of the top left corner of the window.|true|-||width|Number|The width of the tooltip.|true|-||height|Number|The height of the tooltip.|true|-|***Example: javascript***```js``` position = this.#ensureInFrustum(position, elementBounds.width, elementBounds.height);    **Returns**: The position of the element.## function - verticalAnchorIt takes an anchor, a targetBounds object, and an elementBounds object, and returns the vertical position of the element based on the anchor  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||anchor|String|The anchor position of the element.|true|-||targetBounds|DOMRect|The bounds of the target element.|true|-||elementBounds|DOMRect|The bounds of the element you want to position.|true|-|**Returns**: The vertical anchor of the element.## method - horizontalAnchorIt takes an anchor, the bounds of the target element, and the bounds of the element to be positioned, and returns the horizontal position of the element to be positioned  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||anchor|String|The anchor point of the element.|true|-||targetBounds|DOMRect|The bounds of the target element.|true|-||elementBounds|DOMRect|The bounds of the element you want to position.|true|-|**Returns**: The horizontal position of the element.