# class - HTMLActionsThis class contains the actions for the html action system. @description It provides a set of functions that allow you to interact with the html action system.    ## Features -perform - This method is called by the action system to perform the action.   -get - performs a conversion and then returns the result.   -create - Create a element and inflate it using the provided ctx object. This returns a HTMLElement based on the html string provided.  ## method - getIf the step has a URL, then load the template from the URL and return the result. Otherwise, if the step has a schema, then load the schema and return the result. Otherwise, if the step has a function, then call the function   and return the result. Otherwise, if the step has a markdown, then convert the markdown to HTML and return the   result  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|the step object|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|the process object|true|-||item|object|the item being processed|true|-||step.args.url|string|The URL of the template to load.|false|"url"||step.args.template|string|The name of the template to load.|false|"example"||step.args.schema {object}|schema|The URL of the schema to load.|false|||step.args.function|string|The function to call.|false|-|**Returns**: The result of the function call.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("html", "get", {       template: "example",       url: "import.meta.url.replace("example-systems-tests/example-actions.test.js", "example.html")"   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {      "type": "html",      "action": "get",      "args": {          "template": "example"          "url": "import.meta.url.replace("example-systems-tests/example-actions.test.js", "example.html")"       }   }    ```***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("html", "get", {       schema: {           body: {               "elements": [ { "element": "div", "content": "Hello World" } ]           }       }  }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {       "type": "html",       "action": "get",       "args": {            "schema": {                "body": {                  "elements": [ { "element": "div", "content": "Hello World" } ]                }             }        }   }  ```## method - template_from_fileLoads a template from a file and returns the result as a HTML Template element.***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object|true|-||context|object|The context of the current process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<void>}## method - createCreates an element and inflate it using the provided ctx object. This returns a HTMLElement based on the html string provided***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object|true|-||context|object|The context of the current process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.html|string|The html string to inflate.|true|-||step.args.ctx|object|The context object to use when inflating the html.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The target to set the result to.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The result of the template.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const html = await crs.call("html", "create",{        html: "<div>${codeId}</div>",        ctx: {code: "JC"}   },context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json{       "type": "html",       "action": "create",       "args": {            "html": "<div>${codeId}</div>",            "ctx": { "code": "JC" },            "target": "$context.result"       }   }  ```## method - #from_fileIt takes a URL, fetches the contents of that URL, and returns the contents as a string***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process definition.|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The current item being processed.|true|-||step.args.url|string|The URL to fetch the file from.|true|-|**Returns**: The text of the file.## method - #from_templateIt takes a template, and returns the result of the template***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|the step object|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|the process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.template|string|The template to use.|true|-||step.args.url|string|The URL to fetch the template from.|true|-|**Returns**: The template is being returned.## method - #from_schemaIt takes a schema, and returns a parser***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process definition.|true|-||context|object|The context of the current process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.schema|object|The schema to use.|true|-|**Returns**: A schema object.## method - #from_functionIt takes a function and a list of parameters, and calls the function with the parameters***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object that is being executed.|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.function|string|The function to call.|true|-||step.args.parameters]|array|The parameters to pass to the function.|false|[parameters|**Returns**: The result of the function call.