# class - ModuleActionsThe module action system. @description It provides a way to call a module function, create an instance of a module class, or get the value of   a module constant    ## Features -perform - The main entry point for the module action system.   -call - Call a module function.   -create_class - Create an instance of a module class.   -get_constant - Get the value of a module constant and returns it.  ## method - callCall a module function***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object that is being executed.|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the module.|true|-||step.args.default|boolean|If true, it will call the default function in the module.|true|-||step.args.module|string|The name of the module to call.|true|-||step.args.fnName|string|The name of the function to call.|true|-||step.args.parameters|object|The parameters to pass to the function.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The name of the variable to store the result in.|false|"$context.result|**Returns**: The result of the module call.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("module", "call", {       default: true,       module: "module",      "parameters": {parameters}   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {      "type": "module",      "action": "call",      "args": {          "default": false,          "module": "module",          "function": "function",          "parameters": {parameters},          "target": "$context.result"      }   }    ```## method - create_classcreates an instance of a module***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object that is being executed.|true|-||step.args.default|boolean|If true, it will create an instance of the default class in the module.|true|-||step.args.module|string|The name of the module that contains the class.|true|-||step.args.class|string|The name of the class to create an instance of.|false|"class"||step.args.parameters|object|The parameters to pass to the constructor.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The name of the variable to store the result in.|false|"$context.result|**Returns**: The instance of the class.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("module", "create_class", {       default: false,       module: "module",       class: "class",       parameters: {parameters},   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {     "type": "module",     "action": "create_class",     "args": {        "default": true,        "module": "module",        "parameters": {parameters},        "target": "$context.result"     }   }  ```## method - get_constantIt returns the value of a constant in a module***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object that is being executed.|true|-||step.args.module|string|The name of the module that contains the constant.|true|-||step.args.name|string|The name of the constant.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The name of the variable to store the result in.|false|"$context.result|**Returns**: The constant value of the module and name.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const constant = await crs.call("module", "get_constant", {      module: "module",      name: "constant"   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "module",        "action": "get_constant",        "args": {            "module": "module",            "name": "constant",            "target": "$context.result"        }   }  ```