## function - registerIt creates a new instance of the parser, registers all the providers, and then stores the parser and a queue for it  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||id|string|The id of the parser.|true|-||parser|string|The parser class to use.|true|-||providers|array|An array of strings that are the paths to the providers.|true|-||parameters|object|An object containing the parameters to be passed to the parser.|true|-|**Returns**: The instance of the parser.## function - unregisterThis function removes a parser from the queue.***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||id|string|The id of the parser to remove.|true|-|## function - parseIt adds a callback to a queue, and when the queue is empty, it executes the callback  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||id|string|The id of the parser to use.|true|-||schema|object|The schema to parse.|true|-||ctx|object|The context to use when parsing the schema.|true|-|**Returns**: A promise that resolves to the result of the parser.## function - #addToQueueIf the queue is empty, run the promise. If the queue is not empty, add the promise to the queue. If only one item in queue we can call the runQueue function  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||id|string|The id of the queue to add the promise to.|true|-||promise|-|The promise to add to the queue.|true|-|## function - #runQueueThis function will run through the queue and when a promise resolves the then function will start the queue again  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||id|string|The id of the queue you want to run.|true|-|**Returns**: A function that takes an id as an argument.# class - SchemaActionsThis class contains all the actions that can be performed on the schema action system. #description - It provides a way to register and unregister schema parsers, and to parse a schema.    ## Features -perform - This function will call the action that is passed in.   -register - This function will register a new schema parser.   -unregister - This function will unregister a schema parser.   -parse - This function will parse a schema.  ## method - registerIt registers a new schema parser***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process definition.|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process that is currently running.|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.id|string|The id of the parser.|true|-||step.args.parser|string|The parser class to use.|true|-||step.args.providers|array|An array of strings that are the paths to the providers.|false|-||step.args.parameters|object|An  containing the parameters to be passed to the parser.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The target to register the parser to.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The instance of the registered schema parser.***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("schema", "register", {      id: "my-parser",      parser: "myParser",      providers: ["./my-provider.js"],      parameters: {myParameter: "myValue"}   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "schema",        "action": "register",        "args": {            "id": "my-parser",            "parser": "MyParser",            "providers": ["./my-provider.js"],            "parameters": {myParameter: "myValue"}            "target": "$context.result"        }   }  ```## method - unregisterUnregister a schema parser***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process definition.|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.id|string|The id of the parser.|true|-|***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("schema", "unregister", {      id: "my-parser"   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "schema",        "action": "unregister",        "args": {            "id": "my-parser"        }   }  ```## method - parseIt takes a schema, parses it, and returns the result***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process definition.|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.id|string|The id of the parser to use.|true|-||step.args.schema|object|The schema to parse.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The target to store the result in.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The result of the parse.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("schema", "parse", {      id: "my-parser",      schema: {schema}   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {       "type": "schema",       "action": "parse",       "args": {            "id": "my-parser",            "schema": {schema}            "target": "$context.result"        }   }  ```