# class - ScriptsActionsA collection of actions that can be used to load and unload scripts. @description This class is used to load and unload scripts.    ## Features -perform - The main entry point for the action.   -load_file - Dynamically load a javascript file from file as a script tag.   -unload_file - Remove a script file based on id from the dom.  ## method - load_fileDynamically load a javascript file from file as a script tag.***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process.|true|-||context|object|The context of the current process.|true|-||process|object|The current process|true|-||item|object|The current item being processed.|true|-||step.args.id|string|The id of the script tag.|true|-||step.args.file|string|The file to load.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The target to load the script into.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: A promise that resolves to the script element.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("scripts", "load_file", {       id: "my-script",       file: file   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {       "type": "scripts",       "action": "load_file",       "args": {            "id": "my-script",            "file": file,            "target": "$context.myTarget"       }   }  ```## method - unload_fileRemove a script file based on id from the dom.***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process.|true|-||context|object|The context of the current step.|true|-||process|object|The process object that is running the step.|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.id|string|The id of the script tag.|true|-|***Example: javascript example***```js await crs.call("scripts", "unload_file", {       id: "my-script"   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "scripts",        "action": "unload_file",        "args": {             "id": "my-script"         }   }  ```