# class - StringActionsA collection of actions that can be performed on strings. @description This class contains a collection of actions that can be performed on strings.    ## Features -perform - The main entry point for the class. This method will call the action method that is specified in the step.   -inflate - Inflate a string by replacing the string literal markers with the actual value.   -translate - Translate a string by replacing all occurrences of `&{...}` with the value of the corresponding variable   -to_array - Convert a string to an array.   -from_array - Convert an array to a string.   -replace - Replace all occurrences of a string with another string.   -get_query_string - Get the query string from a url.   -template - It takes a template string, replaces all the `__key__` values with the values from the `options` object, and then   -returns the resulting string.   -slice - Slice a string.  ## method - inflateGiven this format, inflate a string and replace the string literal markers with the actual value.***Example: s.***```js      "#input/${id}?type='tasks'&typeId='${typeId}'"        "${firstName} ${lastName} = ${age} old"    ```***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.template|string|The template to inflate.|true|-||step.args.parameters|object|The {parameters} to use to inflate the template.|false|-||step.args.target|string|The target to store the result in.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The result of the inflate_string function.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("string", "inflate", {        template: "<icon>gear</icon> <bold>[${code}]</bold> ${description}",        parameters: {            code: "A11",            description: "This is a description"        }   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "string",        "action": "inflate",        "args": {              "template": "<icon>gear</icon> <bold>[${code}]</bold> ${description}",              "parameters": {                    "code": "A11",                    "description": "This is a description"              },              "target": "$context.result"         }   }  ```## method - translateTranslate a string by replacing all occurrences of `&{...}` with the value of the corresponding variable***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process definition.|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.template|string|The template to translate.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The target to store the result in.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The result of the translation.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("string", "translate", {        template: "Hello &{firstName} &{lastName}"   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "string",        "action": "translate",        "args": {             "template": "Hello &{firstName} &{lastName}",             "target": "$context.result"        }   }  ```## method - to_arraySplit a string into an array of strings using a regular expression***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|the process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.source|string|The string to split.|true|-||step.args.pattern|string|The pattern to split the string on.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The target to store the result in.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The result of the split operation.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("string", "to_array", {        source: "a,b,c,d,e",        pattern: ","   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "string",        "action": "to_array",        "args": {             "source": "$context.value",             "pattern": ",",             "target": "$context.result"        }   }  ```## method - from_arrayIt takes an array, joins it together with a separator, and stores the result in a variable***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|the process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.source|string|The array to join.|true|-||step.args.separator|string|The separator to use when joining the array.|false|-||step.args.target|string|The target to store the result in.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The result of the join operation.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("string", "from_array", {        source: "$context.value",        separator: ","   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "string",        "action": "from_array",        "args": {            "source": "$context.value",            "separator": ",",            "target": "$context.result"         }   }  ```## method - replaceIt takes a string, splits it into an array of strings, joins the array of strings back together, and returns the result  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process definition.|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.source|string|The string to replace.|true|-||step.args.pattern|string|The pattern to replace.|true|-||step.args.value|string|The value to replace the pattern with.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The target to store the result in.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The result of the replace function.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("string", "replace", {       source: "source",       pattern: ",",       value: "|"   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "string",        "action": "replace",        "args": {             "source": "$context.source",             "pattern": ",",             "value": "|",             "target": "$context.result"        }   }  ```## method - get_query_stringIt takes a URL query string and returns an object with the key/value pairs***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process definition.|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.source|string|The URL query string to parse.|true|-||step.args.complex_parameters|string|[]|An array of parameters that have complex values.|false|-||step.args.target|string|The target to store the result in.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The result of the query string.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("string", "get_query_string", {         source: "https://www.example.com?param1=value1&param2=value2&param3=value3",         complex_parameters: ["param1", "param2"]   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "string",        "action": "get_query_string",        "args": {             "source": "https://www.example.com?param1=value1&param2=value2&param3=value3",             "complex_parameters": ["param1", "param2"],             "target": "$context.result"         }   }  ```## method - templateIt takes a template string, replaces all the `__key__` values with the values from the `options` object, and then returns the result  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.template|string|The template string.|true|-||step.args.options|object|The options object.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The target to store the result in.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The template with the options replaced.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("string", "template", {        template: ""<li>__button__ __property__ __chevron__</li>"",        options: {             button: "",             property: "<div>${title}</div>",             chevron: "<svg><use href='#chevron'></use></svg>"        }   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "string",        "action": "template",        "args": {             "template": ""<li>__button__ __property__ __chevron__</li>"",             "options": {                  "button": "",                  "property": "<div>${title}</div>",                  "chevron": "<svg><use href='#chevron'></use></svg>"              },              "target": "$context.result"          }   }  ```## method - sliceSlice a string and return the result***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object that is being executed.|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.value|string|The string to slice.|true|-||step.args.index|number|The index to start the slice. If no value is given, the value is set to 0.|false|-||step.args.length|number|The length of the slice.|true|-||step.args.overflow|string|The overflow value. if no value is given, the value is set to null.|false|-||step.args.target|string|The target to store the result in.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The substring of the value from the index to the length.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("string", "slice", {        value: "Hello World",        index: 2,        length: 5,        overflow: "ellipsis"   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {         "type": "string",         "action": "slice",         "args": {               "value": "Hello World",               "index": 2,               "length": 5,               "overflow": "ellipsis",               "target": "$context.result"         }   }  ```## function - inflate_stringIt takes a string, replaces all instances of `${` with `${context.`, then creates a function that returns the string, and then calls that function with the parameters    ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||string|string|The string to inflate.|true|-||parameters|object|The parameters object that was passed to the function.|true|-||context|object|The context of the current process.|true|-||process|object|The process that is being executed.|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-|**Returns**: A string with the parameters replaced.## function - sanitise_parametersIt takes a parameters object, and gets the value for each property on the object.  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||parameters|object|The parameters object that was passed to the function.|true|-||context|object|The context of the current process.|true|-||process|object|The process that is being executed.|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-|**Returns**: The parameters object with the values replaced.## function - translate_stringIf the string contains a translation key, get the translation and replace the key with the translation.  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||value|string|The string to translate.|true|-|**Returns**: A promise that resolves to the translated string.