# class - SystemActionsThe system actions are used to perform system functions. @description This class contains functions that are used to perform system actions.    ## Features -perform - The perform function is used to call the action function.   -copy_to_clipboard - Copy the value of the source to the clipboard.   -sleep - Sleep function used for testing to emulate network traffic delay.   -pause - Pause the process for the specified duration.   -resume - Resume the process after a pause.   -abort - Abort the process.   -ismobile - Check if the current device is a mobile device.   -is_portrait - Check if the current device is in portrait mode.   -is_landscape - Check if the current device is in landscape mode.  ## method - copy_to_clipboardCopy the value of the source to the clipboard***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process definition.|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|the process object|true|-||item|object|The current item being processed.|true|-||step.args.source|string|The source to copy to the clipboard.|true|-||step.args.shouldStringify|boolean|JSON stringify the value default is true.|false|-|**Returns**: {Promise<void>}  ***Example: javascript example***```js await crs.call("system", "copy_to_clipboard", {       source: "value"   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {       "action": "copy_to_clipboard",       "args": {           "source": "$context.value"        }   }  ```## method - sleepSleep function used for testing to emulate network traffic delay***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process definition|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.duration|number|The duration to sleep in milliseconds.|true|-|**Returns**: A promise that resolves after the duration has passed.  ***Example: javascript example***```js await crs.call("system", "sleep", {      duration: 1000   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {       "type": "system",       "action": "sleep",       "args": {           "duration": 1000       }   }  ```## method - pauseThe function pauses the process and waits for the user to resume the process***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|the current step in the process.|true|-||context|object|the context of the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object that is being run.|true|-|**Returns**: A promise.  ***Example: javascript example***```js await crs.call("system", "pause", {}, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "system",        "action": "pause"   }  ```## method - resumeResume the process if it is waiting.***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object that is being executed.|true|-||context|object|The context object that was passed to the process when it was started.|true|-||process|object|The process object that was created when the process was started.|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-|**Returns**: A promise that resolves immediately.  ***Example: javascript example***```js await crs.call("system", "resume", {}, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {       "type": "system",       "action": "resume"    }  ```## method - abortIt throws an error***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process definition.|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.error|string|The message to display in the error.|true|-|**Returns**: A promise that is rejected.  ***Example: javascript example***```js await crs.call("system", "abort", {      error: "Something went really wrong"   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {       "type": "system",       "action": "abort",       "args": {           "error": "Something went really wrong"       }   }  ```## method - is_mobileIf the user agent string contains the word "Mobi", then return true***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The current step in the process|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the step.|true|-||process|object|the process object|true|-||item|object|the item that is being processed|true|-||step.args.target|string|The target to set the result to.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: A boolean value.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("system", "is_mobile", {}, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {       "type": "system",       "action": "is_mobile",       "args": {           "target": "$context.result"       }   }  ```## method - is_portraitIf the device is in portrait mode, return true, otherwise return false***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object|true|-||context|object|The context of the current step.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The current item being processed.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The target to set the result to.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The result of the matchMedia function.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("system", "is_portrait", {}, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {       "type": "system",       "action": "is_portrait",       "args": {           "target": "$context.result"        }   }  ```## method - is_landscapeIf the device is in landscape mode, return true, otherwise return false***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object|true|-||context|object|The context of the current step.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The target to set the result to.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The result of the matchMedia function.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("system", "is_landscape", {}, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "system",        "action": "is_landscape",        "args": {            "target": "$context.result"        }   }  ```