# class - ValidateActionsA set of actions that can be used to validate objects. @description This class contains a set of actions that can be used to validate objects.    ## Features -perform - The main entry point for the class. This method will call the action method that is specified in the step.   -assert_step - Assert that the specified process step has the specified properties.   -required - If the object is valid, run the pass step, otherwise run the fail step.  ## method - assert_stepAssert that the specified process step has the specified properties***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The name of the process to run|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.source|string|The source to get the process from.|true|-||step.args.process|string|The name of the process to validate.|true|-||step.args.step|string|The name of the step to validate.|true|-||step.args.required|array|The properties that are required to be present.|false|-||step.args.target|string|The target to store the result in.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: The result of the assertion.  ***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("validate", "assert_step", {        source: context,        process: "my-process",        step: "my-step",        required: ["my-property"]   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {       "type": "validate",       "action": "assert_step",       "args": {            "source": "context",            "process": "my-process",            "step": "my-step",            "required": ["my-property"]            "target": "$context.result"        }   }  ```## method - requiredIf the object is valid, run the pass step, otherwise run the fail step***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||step|object|The step object from the process definition|true|-||context|object|The context object that is passed to the process.|true|-||process|object|The process object|true|-||item|object|The item that is being processed.|true|-||step.args.source|string|The source to get the object from.|true|-||step.args.properties|array|The properties to validate.|false|-||step.pass_step|string|The step to run if the object is valid.|true|-||step.fail_step|string|The step to run if the object is invalid.|true|-||step.args.target|string|The target to store the result in.|false|"$context.result"|**Returns**: A boolean value.***Example: javascript example***```js const result = await crs.call("validate", "required", {      source: context,      properties: ["my-property"]      pass_step: "my-pass-step",      fail_step: "my-fail-step"   }, context, process, item);    ```***Example: json example***```json {        "type": "validate",        "action": "required",        "args": {            "source": "context",            "properties": ["my-property"],            "pass_step": "my-pass-step",            "fail_step": "my-fail-step",            "target": "$context.result"        }   }  ```