 Handle the actions when the mouse is released and the drop action takes place.  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||dragElement|-|-|true|-||placeholder|-|-|true|-||options|-|-|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<void>}## function - gotoOriginmove the drag element to the placeholder This is used by other functions also to ensure consistent animation behaviour.   When you drag the item and drop it on a non-supported element, this is also called.  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||dragElement|HTMLElement|the element that is being dragged|true|-||placeholder|HTMLElement|the placeholder element|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<void>}## function - gotoTargetmove the drag element to the target element This is used when you append the element to a target element.  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||dragElement|HTMLElement|the element that is being dragged|true|-||target|HTMLElement|the target element|true|-||options|Object|the options object that was passed to the dragdrop manager|true|-||placeholder|HTMLElement|the placeholder element|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<void>}## function - insertBeforeinsert the drag element and add it before the target element This is used on collections such as lists where you drop the item on another list item.   List item in this context does not have to be li, but a child in a collection.  ***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||dragElement|HTMLElement|the element that is being dragged|true|-||target|HTMLElement|the target element|true|-||options|Object|the options object that was passed to the dragdrop manager|true|-||placeholder|HTMLElement|the placeholder element|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<void>}## function - gotoBoundsmove the drag element to the bounds***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||element|HTMLElement|the element to move, generally it is the element being dragged|true|-||bounds|Object|the bounds object that contains the x and y coordinates, most often a boundingClientRect|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<unknown>}## function - cleanElementsOnce done with the drag and drop ensure that all properties are cleaned up***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||dragElement|HTMLElement|the element that is being dragged|true|-||placeholder|HTMLElement|the placeholder element|true|-|## function - allowDropCheck if you are allowed to drop here***parameters***|parameter|type|description|required|default||---------|----|-----------|--------|-------||event|Event|the event that is being fired|true|-||options|Object|the options object that was passed to the dragdrop manager|true|-|**Returns**: {Promise<>}# class - AllowDropThis class contains the different ways to check if you are allowed to drop here## The types of operations are - string - a selector string where we use css matching to check if you may drop here. For simple scenarios this is the easiest way.   - function - a function that is called to check if you may drop here. This is useful when you want to check for more complex scenarios.  